Three times since 1994, a sniper has used this time of year to fire into the home of a Canadian doctor who performs abortion.
 Police say they don't know which side of the border Bart Slepian was an obstetrician and gynecologist by training and an abortion doctor by principle.
 He was killed Oct.
 23 by a sniper's bullet fired through the Dr.
 Bart Slepian was shy as a child, so shy that he cried when anyone looked at him.
 Rejected by medical schools in the U.S., he studied in Dr.
 Slepian turned to civil harassment lawsuits, letters and levity to deal with the protesters.
 He tried to engage his critics through the local newspaper.
 He said abortion protesters should Number of abortions in U.S.
 has been declining steadily since Roe vs.
 Wade decision.
 Only in cosmopolitan and comparatively liberal cities like New York does availability continue at steady level.
 James Charles Kopp, 44, identified as material witness in sniper attack.
 Kopp was arrested in 1988 during Operation Rescue's huge anti-abortion protests.
 He was given the nickname Atomic Warrant says Kopp has information that is important to a case.
 If Kopp is found, he would be arrested, brought to Buffalo and ordered to provide evidence.
 Kopp Former Operation Rescue member sought as material witness in abortion doctor's murder.
 Authorities say he may have information that will help solve four other sniper attacks on abortion doctors.
 Some abortion-rights groups Buffalo has been among a handful of hot spots for abortion protesters for the last decade.
 Local protesters greet security guard, security guard by name.
 Clinic workers say protests just make a hard Anti-abortion activist James Charles Kopp is subject of warrants on both sides of the border.
 Kopp not a suspect in the shootings, but he is wanted as a material witness in Lambs of Christ members say they saw nothing wrong with Weslin trying to block access to clinics.
 They describe the activity as peaceful resistance meant to stop what they see as murders.
 Lambs of Christ members wonder whether killing of Dr.
 Barnett Slepian will hinder their efforts.
 Some officials dubious that a conspiracy exists to kill doctors who perform abortions.
 FBI officials FBI: Most extremist groups pose little real danger.
 Agency has increased efforts to deter such incidents in a major prevention program.
 More difficult to investigate are lone terrorists who belong to no group.