Two men charged with kidnapping, aggravated robbery, attempted first-degree murder.
 Kristen Leann Price, 18, and Chastity Vera Pasley, 20, charged as accessories after the 1,000 people attend Matthew Wayne Shepard's funeral in Casper, Wyoming.
 Shepard, 21, was beaten, tied to a fence and left to die alone in Laramie.
 University of Wyoming football players will wear yellow, green stickers in memory of Matthew Shepard.
 Shepard, 22, is in a coma in critical condition after being beaten and tied to a fence.
 Wyoming bills itself as the ''equality state'' in reference to being the first state to give women the vote.
 Legislator likened homosexuals to gay bulls as worthless and should be sent Leaders of local Unitarian church say assault bubbled out of climate of hostility.
 Two local men have been charged, Russell Henderson and Aaron McKinney.
 McKinney's father, Bill Gay leaders hope Shepard's death will galvanize Congress, state legislatures to pass hate-crime legislation.
 Conservatives generally oppose such laws because they favor one group's rights over another.
 21 states Two men charged in killing of Shephard are both white, Russell Henderson, 21, and Aaron McKinney, 22.
 Wyoming has been one of the nation's holdouts, rejecting Wyoming governor meets with slain student's father, says he doesn't want media circus.
 Leaders of gay rights groups say they hope death will have impact on legislators.
 Christian conservatives warn Bob Greene: Family Research Council co-hosting press conference in Washington.
 He says it was latest salvo in six-month campaign by religious right to demonize gay people.
 He About 50 candelight vigils were scheduled this week, from Texas to Vermont.
 Two men, Russell Henderson, 21, and Aaron McKinney, 22, were arraigned Monday night.
 Matthew Shepard, 21, was killed in Laramie, Wyoming, on Oct.
 7.
 His death hit a nerve in the nation this week, eliciting dozens of candlelight vig 1,000 mourners attend Matthew Wayne Shepard's funeral in Casper, Wyoming.
 Shepard, 21, was beaten, tied to a fence and left to die alone in Laramie In Casper, a conservative city of 51,000, tolerance has become the watchword.
 Aaron Kreifels, the University of Wyoming freshman who found his battered classmate Oct.
 7