Most federal health plans to cover prescription contraceptives for women.
 Contraceptive measure would affect 1.2 million female federal employees.
 Future of measure in doubt because it was attached to spending bill Conservatives object to $20 billion taken from the surplus to address so-called emergencies.
 Some worry that once the hometown pork that is stuffed into the bill is publicly revealed, voters could Road would connect isolated village called King Cove to long-range air strip in Cold Bay.
 Opponents of the road call the project an unjustifiable precedent.
 President Clinton likely to veto the White House, congressional budget negotiators try to reach deal on census.
 Democrats balk at idea of six months' financing for the census.
 Deal would put off until next March the contentious issue of White House, House negotiators meet into the night to hash out disagreements over aid for schools, census and contraceptives.
 Negotiators give themselves another deadline of midnight Wednesday to wrap up about $ White House chief of staff Erskine Bowles: ''We don't have a deal'' Bowles optimistic about a session scheduled for Wednesday morning.
 Both sides agree to spend more White House, congressional Republicans and White House officials wrestled Tuesday with their differences over education.
 Negotiators ended a late-night session without resolving disagreements over education, census and contraceptives.
 Conservative Republicans concerned over emerging shape of final package.
 If Republican leaders cannot count on their conservatives, they will need support from Democrats.
 Democrats express concern over some White House positions, on issues Congress gives itself until midnight Tuesday to vote on the final bill.
 The vote was initially expected Friday, but the bill is nowhere near to being written.
 Only a handful of top-level This year, with Democrats and Republicans alike claiming victory, the burning issue was how to parcel out the candy.
 Some of the $20 billion that will eat into the surplus really will go