Netscape Communications Corp.
 challenged Microsoft's grip on computer software.
 Microsoft dispatched programmers to work on a competing browser.
 Microsoft folded the browser into its industry-dominant Windows operating system Netscape president James Barksdale, Microsoft's Daniel Rosen named as witnesses.
 People who have been questioned in federal investigation say Microsoft made all-or-nothing offer.
 They say Microsoft viewed Netscape as a serious potential challenger to Windows.
 Prosecutors say Microsoft tried to bully Intel, Apple, other companies to squelch competition.
 Microsoft: Government's accounts of meetings Long retreat not far from the company's headquarters in Redmond, Wash.
 Microsoft badly trailed Netscape in the browser field.
 To hasten its entry, Microsoft licensed its early browsing software from America Online agreed to make Microsoft's Internet Explorer the main browser.
 To win the deal, Microsoft offered to give America Online a start-up icon on the Windows desktop.
 America Online chairman Netscape's strategy is to avoid head-to-head competition with Microsoft whenever possible.
 If a start-up cannot steer clear of Microsoft entirely, the favored option is to be Justice Department paints portrait of Bill Gates as Nixonian schemer.
 Government seeks to establish pattern of threats and offers of payments by Gates.
 Gates portrayed as schoolyard bully who rides Judge orders Microsoft to comply with Justice Department's request to examine financial records.
 Microsoft had asked that the trial be delayed several more months to prepare a defense.
 Justice Department and 20 states added New book details where Netscape stumbled, shifting its strategy too often.
 Microsoft intends to use book as evidence that Netscape's troubles resulted from its own missteps.
 In private antitrust suits Justice Department says Microsoft contracts are exclusionary.
 Experts say courts have provided no clear definition of tying.
 Some tying benefits consumers if it results in products that are easier to use.
 But tying Experts agree that the courts will subject Microsoft's restrictive contracts with Internet companies to a balancing test.
 But exactly how the court will decide whether consumers are helped or hurt is up for grabs.
 Microsoft says it needs only to show bundling Windows and Explorer offers an immediate benefit.
 Justice Department says Microsoft's practices must clear a higher hurdle.
 Experts agree that the courts will subject Microsoft The Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 is brief, vague and malleable.
 It was passed as a nod to a popular backlash against the rise of industrial trusts.
 The act's IBM and Microsoft were collaborating on the design and marketing of a new operating system.
 Microsoft was also beginning to sell a competing product, Windows.
 As Washington saw it, IBM and Microsoft Government officials say suit is a natural extension of inquiries conducted in last nine years.
 Former FTC official: Administration would be foolish to involve itself in suit.
 Former Justice Department official: Suit would The government is bringing a more ambitious, complicated case to trial than the one it filed in May.
 The 12-person witness list for the Justice Department and 20 states reflects the new evidence The antitrust suit filed in May leaned heavily on the Netscape story.
 The prosecution team was not at full strength until shortly before the suit was filed.
 The government case has also broadened Anyone who attempts to monopolize any part of the trade of commerce among the several States, or with foreign nations, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, on conviction thereof,