Former Clinton strategist James Carville says he will not be muzzled.
 Carville trained his fire on leaders in his own party for not being sufficiently aggressive.
 Rep.
 Dick Gep Gingrich says he is resigning because he and his wife are tired.
 Gingrich supporters say he had the votes to win the election to nominate a speaker.
 Democratic leader says he hopes Conservatives and moderates in the party said the Republicans had to get back to basics.
 Newt Gingrich conceded that the results should sober every Republican.
 Black politicians in North Carolina, Maryland and California Some Republicans say there should be no hearings at all in the Clinton matter.
 Some Democrats begin talking about a deal that would bring the matter to an early close.
 Gingrich's vision seems to Gingrich unable to pinpoint why GOP lost five seats in House.
 Republicans should have focused on cutting taxes, saving Social Security, preventing drug abuse, says Rep.
 Chris Shays.
 Clinton calls election results a vindication of his party's policies.
 Newt Gingrich says he misjudged how the public would recoil from the Clinton scandal.
 Majority Leader Sen.
 Trent Lott Republicans discuss possible challenges to Gingrich, Armey, other senior leadership team.
 Some envisioning trying to run an entire new ticket headed by Rep.
 Bob Livingston.
 Senate leadership races take Clinton calls the election results a vindication of his party's policies.
 Newt Gingrich says he misjudged how the public would recoil from the Clinton scandal.
 Majority Leader Sen.
 Trent L Republicans discuss possible challenges to Gingrich, Armey, other senior leadership team.
 Some envision trying to run an entire new ticket headed by Rep.
 Bob Livingston.
 In Senate, where leadership Clinton calls the election results a vindication of his party's policies.
 Newt Gingrich says he misjudged how the public would recoil from the Clinton scandal.
 Majority Leader Sen.
 Trent L Gingrich says he's not particularly concerned about losing speakership.
 Some Republicans talk of mounting challenges against mid-level leadership figures.
 New House members include 17 Republicans and at least 22 House Republicans to meet Nov.
 18 to vote by secret ballot for their leaders.
 Whoever wins Republican nomination for speaker must stand for election by the full House in January.
 Rep.
 Robert Livingston Gingrich's leadership is so shaky that even if he maintains his hold on the speaker's office, he is in danger of marginalization.
 Gingrich has been trying to show members that Democrats had become literally a minority party as white voters resentfully identified their policies with cities, blacks and immigrants.
 Without race as a wedge issue, the solid black Democratic vote became a powerful