Government's prosecution, Microsoft's defense are legal campaigns waged with electronic messages.
 The e-mail is alive with ideas and competitive zeal, punctuated with profanity and exclamation points.
 Gates says he didn't see Netscape investment as something that made sense.
 But in an e-mail on May 31, 1995, Gates urged an alliance with Netscape.
 America Analysts say America Online faces a variety of problems in its new quest.
 Chief among them is whether it can appear to have the consistency, focus and follow-through that corporate customers demand AOL on verge of agreeing to purchase Netscape Communications Corp., sources say.
 Deal would strengthen two of Microsoft's leading rivals, AOL and Sun Microsystems.
 But it would end Government officials insist the deal should have no direct effect on the current case.
 Industry analysts suggest companies may have been emboldened to take stronger anti-Microsoft steps.
 AOL plans to keep Microsoft AOL's proposed purchase of Netscape Communications Corp.
 would enlarge its wired audience.
 Microsoft is also investing heavily in new media and electronic commerce.
 By 2003, Internet commerce could reach $ AOL and Sun have a longer-term objective as well, one that promises to place them in more direct conflict with Microsoft.
 News that Bankers may be close to accepting $8 Yahoo and Amazon.com both became $200 stocks on Monday.
 Analyst says stocks are about 10 percent overvalued.
 Microsoft says proposed acquisition of Netscape Communications Corp.
 by America Online America Online Inc.
 to buy Netscape Communications Corp.
 for $4.2 billion.
 Both companies see inevitable convergence of technology and media.
 America Online hopes to secure a solid lead in Netscape and America Online seem a corporate odd couple.
 But the two companies had been evolving toward each other for more than a year.
 Justice Department needs to vigorously pursue its antitrust suit E-commerce services are the silver bullet that will enable companies to take advantage of the true business opportunities on the Web, analyst says.
 By 2002, Forrester estimates, the combined Some competitors worry that America Online's electronic commerce services may simply be a device to sell its software and hardware.
 America Online will emphasize services that relate to marketing rather than back-office functions