If the companies were to merge, it would create the largest U.S.
 company in terms of revenue.
 Any union would reunite two parts of John D.
 Rockefeller's Standard Oil Two companies have enormous similarities in their domestic refining and marketing businesses.
 Analyst: Combination would give companies greater influence in bidding for Middle Eastern projects.
 Union leaders raise prospect that Exxon would have Exxon Corp.
 and Mobil Corp.
 have held discussions about combining their business operations.
 If the companies were to merge, it would create the largest U.S.
 company in terms of Oil prices have fallen more than 40 percent from the $20-a-barrel level.
 OPEC members continue discussion on extending production cutbacks.
 Washington regulators have not been notified about the Exxon and Mobil are the two largest, strongest competitors to emerge from the nation's most famous antitrust case.
 They face a Royal Dutch/Shell Group that is larger than either of them $40.4 billion in corporate acquisitions either announced or declared imminent.
 Driving the resurgence in mergers is a roaring stock market.
 Only the largest oil companies can afford to take advantage of Small-cap companies are less likely to incur wrath of antitrust regulators.
 Big Oil and small oil are getting squeezed by low petroleum prices and high capital costs of exploration.
 With West Texas crude Oil stocks led the way as investors soaked up the news of continuing talks between Exxon and Mobil on a merger.
 Internet and computer stocks also rallied, helped in part by the announcement on Tuesday Exxon and Mobil confirm they are discussing ways to combine.
 Statement sent stock of both companies surging, suggesting investors believe the companies will combine.
 Analyst predicts huge cuts in duplicate staff from both Philip Verleger Jr.
 says he doesn't think Exxon-Mobil deal is a done deal.
 But if it were to happen, he says, he don't see many problems Deal would come under the purview of the Federal Trade Commission.
 FTC has examined large corporate mergers with a vigor not seen since the 1970s.
 Exxon and Mobil have significantly overlapping