House Speaker-elect Robert L.
 Livingston says he had affairs in the past.
 Republicans give him standing ovation, say question of his resigning never arisen.
 Republicans insist debate over president NEW: CBS goes to football game before impeachment vote, becomes only network to leave news coverage.
 NEW: Dan Rather announces impeachment votes on a split screen with football game in progress.
 NEW House Speaker-elect Robert Livingston quits amid impeachment debate.
 Livingston says he hired investigative firm made up of ex-FBI, CIA employees.
 Republicans blame Clinton administration for smearing Livingston.
 Rep.
 Bob Livingston says he will resign as speaker of the House in six months.
 Democrats say Livingston's resignation is a surrender to sexual McCarthyism.
 White House spokesman urges Livingston to reconsider Gingrich removes himself from daily operations of the House.
 DeLay, No.
 3 in House Republican leadership, expected to fill power vacuum.
 Many members quickly rallied around Rep.
 Dennis Rep.
 Robert Livingston, R-La., says he will not serve as speaker, resigns from Congress.
 Bob Greene: In the toxic politics of century's end in Washington, the David Gergen: The last week seemed to crystallize the long-term decline in political civility.
 He says the whole political culture of the 1990s has fallen into disrepute House votes 228-206 to impeach President William Jefferson Clinton for perjury.
 House also calls on the Senate to try him, convict him and remove him from office.
 Republicans pressed another line CBS News Poll of 548 people showed that only 38 percent wanted their representative to vote for impeachment; 58 percent wanted a no vote.
 Conflict now enters uncharted seas, since Nixon resignation House votes to impeach President Clinton.
 Republicans cite parallels between charges against Nixon and those brought against Clinton.
 Democrats criticize Republicans for impeaching Clinton at the same time as Iraq war.
 Democrats Julian Zelizer: The GOP can no longer conceal that it is a party of extremists.
 He says it is out of step with the political and cultural orientation of most Americans.
 Zel Republicans don't think they're going to pay a political price for this, and if they do, they don't care.
 Republicans were so determined to do their high-tech lynching