President Clinton says he would do it all over again, every day, to see America where it is today as compared to six years ago.
 Clinton raises about $200,000 over lunch Human Rights Campaign likely to endorse Sen.
 Alfonse D'Amato for re-election.
 Lobbying intensifies to try to shift group's support to Rep.
 Charles Schumer.
 Al D'Amato has aggressively courted gay voters.
 Human Rights Campaign officials say their standing policy is to support friendly incumbents.
 Some White House officials say they think a Human Rights Rep.
 Tom Roberg has broadcast a television commercial exploiting the scandal.
 Gary Hofmeister, a conservative jeweler, is taking a more subtle approach.
 In three days of campaign stops Dennis Rivera's 150,000-member union, 1199, endorsed Rep.
 Charles E.
 Schumer.
 Rivera praised Sen.
 Alfonse M.
 D'Amato, but now National Republican Congressional Committee sponsors similar calls to small-business owners.
 Watchdogs say solicitations mark a new departure in political fund raising.
 They say calls are a bait-and-switch George Voinovich is running again for the Senate seat held by John Glenn.
 His Democratic opponent, Mary Boyle, is running a grass-roots campaign.
 Boyle is campaigning hard on the George Voinovich is running for Senate seat held by John Glenn, a Democrat who is retiring.
 Democratic opponent Mary Boyle is campaigning hard on the issue of education.
 Ms.
 Boyle is Mary Boyle is running against former Ohio Lt.
 Gov.
 Mike Voinovich.
 The two share the same home terrain, depriving Ms.
 Boyle of the geographic advantage that often accompanies Democratic House voted Thursday to authorize an impeachment inquiry of President Clinton.
 Senate does not plan to take it up, and Clinton would almost certainly veto it.
 Candidates in tight Senate races around the Human Rights Campaign is about to endorse Sen.
 Alfonse D'Amato for re-election.
 White House officials and gay Democrats are lobbying the group to try to shift its support to Human Rights Campaign is considered the most influential gay and lesbian organization in Washington.
 Some New York advocates of civil rights for gay people have flooded the organization with phone calls, e-mail messages HRC endorsement could hurt D'Amato among conservative base.
 White House aide: Some people in Right to Life Party and upstate people are going to say, `Who is this